<div class="contain">
    <pre><h4>Project includes frontend and backend parts:<br>Frontend includes:<br>      + CSS|JS framework UIkit3<br>      + JQuery plugin<br>      + MathJax plugin for math viewing on pages<br>    Backend includes:<br>      + Database to storage teacher and student information, questions and answers data.<br>        Made to collect all test (questions|answers) data and users meta information.<br>        Database called `tests_db` contains following tables:<br>        - `teachers` with teacher's login and MD5-hashed password<br>        - `tests` with tests details (such as status, time limit, hash for usage and name).<br>        - `questions` contains all questions meta information (in JSON decoded format as there are different types of questions).<br>        - `students` contains students first and last names and test ID.<br>        - `student_meta` contains students meta information such as status of test (finished or not).<br>        - `answers` contains answers meta information and uploads (for questions with uploads), aslo partly in JSON decoded format.<br>      + API is only for AJAX requests from frontend.<br>        Method name and parameters are sent via POST.<br>        API method:<br>        - check_login ('login') - checks if login is free<br>        - update_test ('test_id', 'name', 'hash', 'active', 'time_limit') - updates test<br>        - delete_test ('test_id') - deletes test<br>        - delete_question ('question_id') - deletes question<br>        - check_test ('hash') - checks if test is actual<br>        - update_answer ('student_id', 'question_id', 'answer') - updates/adds answer on specified question<br>        - upload_file ('student_id', 'question_id', 'upload') - adds file on specified answer<br>        - update_scores ('student_id', 'question_id', 'scores') - updates scores on specified answer<br>        - leaved ('student_id', 'came_out') - increments counter of tab changes if 'came_out' not set or equals to 1,<br>          decrements if 'came_out' is set to 0 (needed as save dialog for files upload also blurs the window)<br>      + PDF handler (FPDF library):<br>        It helps to form and save PDF with students results. It includes all questions and answers.<br>      + CSV handler (built-in PHP functions):<br>        It helps to form and save CSV with students results. Includes only statistics on results.<br>_____________________________________________________________________________________________________<br><br>About log-in:<br>  + Teachers use login and password to log in. Page handler compares it with info in DB and determine if user is valid.<br>  + Students use test hash and their name to log in and start test. It is important that frontend sends AJAX to API (method 'check_test') to check if test hash is valid.<br>    Student is allowed to start test only if test hash is valid.<br><br>About registration:<br>  + Teachers use login and password to register. Frontend sends AJAX to API (method 'chech_login') to check if login if free to use.<br><br>About test management:<br>  + Tests could be created, edited and deleted.<br>  + Tests are visible only for teacher who created them and for students on frontend (only with hash).<br>    Tests are invisible for students if they were set to inactive status.<br>    Test name is also visible to students.<br>  + There is bulk deletion functionality for tests. Performed via AJAX request to API (method 'delete_test')<br><br>About questions management:<br>  + Questions could be created, edited and deleted.<br>  + There is bulk deletion functionality for questions. Performed via AJAX request to API (method 'delete_question')<br>  + There are 5 alternative question types to use. They could be selected when editing test.<br>    Although some parameters differ, description, maximum scores, order fields are common for all types.<br>  + There is order field to set order of question in the test (in questions page they are sorted by that parameter).<br>  + For different question there are different validation scripts to check if parameters are valid (all of them are mostly in master.js).<br>  + There is math editor and it uses TeX notation to input math equations.<br><br>About test processing:<br>  + Students could see countdown timer on header of the site. Restarting the page will not change timer as it is server checked.<br>  + All answers are saved (via AJAX, method 'update_answer') when student makes any changes to fields, so teacher can track student actions from answers dashboard.<br>  + All attachments are saved (via AJAX, method 'upload_file') when student upload any.<br>  + Test is automatically finishes when it is expired (JS setTimeout every time on page reload).<br>  + Test scores are calculated after the test finish.<br><br>About answers dashboard:<br>  + Each test has its own answers dashboard.<br>  + Teacher have access only to their own test results<br>  + Answer scores saved automatically (via AJAX, method 'update_scores').<br>  + Teacher can see attachments by checking certain buttons (one for each attachment).<br>  + Teacher could upload all test results in CSV (only statistics) and PDF (with questions|answers) formats.<br>_____________________________________________________________________________________________________<br><br>System is made to prevent data corruption or loss during test or in teacher dashboard, so many things are checked on each reload and link following:<br>especially if it is test owner, if question is really of that test and so on.<br><br>There are 3 main handlers in system:<br>includes/db_handler.php (class DB_HANDLE) - establish database connection and performs all CRUD actions with database.<br>includes/api_handler.php (class API_HANDLE) - handles API request and requires also database connection.<br>includes/page_handler.php (class PAGES_HANDLE) - main page handle and it uses both api_handler and db_handler to perform his actions.<br><br>Some words about question in tests:<br>   + Each question is included from separate file:<br>     - in student's frontend - from pages/exam,<br>     - in teacher's answer dashboard - from pages/check,<br>     - during PDF creation - from includes/pdf_types<br>   + Each question has its own handlers on fields (change and upload), so handlers would not mix up.<br>   + Each question saves its data in different formats, so there different algorithms when automatically calculating results after test.</h4></pre>
</div>
